
Topics That Require Legal Review:
Business Model Changes
Changes to how we structure our business or sell to customers, e.g., moving functionality to free, office openings or closures.
Forward Looking Statements
This includes non-public product roadmap items and non-public portions of Science Fair recordings (these may be subject to separate legal guidelines). Basically any statements about future functionality -- even if planned on the roadmap or Product Compass -- or future business plans that haven’t been publicly announced yet should be reviewed before being communicated outside HubSpot.
Partner Programs & Policy Changes
Changes to how we work with our partners e.g., program participation requirements, partner benefits and obligations, such as tiers or lead registration capacity limits and rules. 
Product or Service Debut or Sunset
This applies to the first announcement only. The first time a product or service (or major feature of a product or service) launch or sunset is announced to the public. This applies to full commercial launches -- in other words, if the product or features were in beta previously but are now being fully launched, Legal should review the launch materials even if we previously reviewed the beta release.
Laws, Policy/Legislation & Legal Topics
This includes discussion of GDPR, CCPA, immigration laws, proposed changes to Section 230 of the CDA, antitrust enforcement activities, etc. HubSpot Legal are the experts here, please be sure to ask them to review and weigh in.
Mergers & Acquisitions
Any materials that mention mergers and acquisitions (M&A) or similar corporate combinations or transactions such as divestitures, spin-offs, tender offers, debt offerings, financings, stock repurchases, investments, etc. require Legal review
Pricing
Changes to the pricing of our products or services or the announcement of new pricing for new or existing products and services, e.g., the announcement of Marketing Contacts, COVID-19 offers.
Product Comparisons and Statements about Competitors
These should be reviewed by Legal to ensure compliance with fair advertising and fair competition laws, and to ensure we’re not running afoul of any contractual commitments (i.e., Salesforce.com non disparagement).
Statements about Customer Data
This includes any statements regarding customer data, including how we collect, secure, or share that data with others.
Statements about Our Customer Terms of Service, AUP, or Other Policies
Even though these are public documents and it’s fine to point people to them, please leave the interpretation of these terms to Legal. We frequently provide trainings and sales enablement materials that address customer questions about our terms, and we strongly encourage you to leverage those. If you want to make statements beyond that, please talk to Legal first. Likewise, you should never make promises to customers outside of what's in our Customer Terms of Service or Orders (i.e., side letters) as these can create significant legal and rev rec issues.
Statements about Product / Information Security or Reliability
Generally speaking, you should avoid making absolute statements (e.g., “Your data is 100% secure with HubSpot” or “Our products are completely reliable”). Legal can help you accurately describe how we address security and reliability in ways that won’t make false commitments or provide legal guarantees.
Statements of Exclusivity
Any mention of exclusive pricing, sales, supply, or any other business agreement or relationship where HubSpot and the other party agree on terms not available to others, such as HubSpot agreeing to sell Marketing Hub at a special discount or to make a product feature or contract term only available to the other party.

Strategic Relationships and Significant Alliances
Strategic relationships or significant alliances such as joint ventures, co-ventures, joint undertakings, significant co-marketing or co-development relationships, non-standard distribution relationships (such as OEM/ISV or revenue share arrangements), and BD partnerships.
Other Confidential Information
While confidential information, you should be very careful about while Legal doesn’t need to review all possible disclosures of confidential information, you should be very careful about disclosing non-public information in your materials. If you’re not sure whether something has been disclosed by HubSpot previously, please check with your manager, and with Legal as needed, to make sure it’s OK to share. You can also check HubSpot by the Numbers, our public filings and press releases at ir.hubspot.com, and our public webpages to see what’s been disclosed previously. 

